Dedicated secrets references (#20)
appuio/appcat-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/secrets.adoc

= Secret References

To ensure maximum compatibility between the various service providers, we ensure that the secrets are as consistent as possible within a given service type.
Due to differences between service providers it might be possible that the access secrets aren't 100% interchangeable.

== PostgreSQL

> The secret contains the plaintext values for the given keys.

Reviewer: Why "plaintext"? I'd leave this out, could be confusing...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example secrets on this page contains the plaintext values for the given keys.
```

// tag::postgres[]
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: postgres-creds

> data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stringData:
```

When we show it in plaintext, we should also use the correct field for that.

  POSTGRESQL_DB: postgres <1>
  POSTGRESQL_HOST: my-postgres-example.my-cloud.com <2>
  POSTGRESQL_PASSWORD: my-secret <3>
  POSTGRESQL_PORT: 21699 <4>
  POSTGRESQL_URL: postgres://postgres:my-secret@my-postgres-example.my-cloud.com:21699/postgresql?sslmode=require <5>
  POSTGRESQL_USER: postgres <6>
  ca.crt: | <7>
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    HexValues
    -----END CERTIFICATE-----
----
<1> Database name
<2> Host to connect to
<3> Password
<4> Port
<5> URL containing all necessary information to connect to the instance
<6> Username
<7> ca.crt to use when using `sslmode=verify-full`

> IMPORTANT: All data fields are Base64-encoded, like any other https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configmap-secret/managing-secret-using-kubectl/[Kubernetes secret].

Reviewer: IMHO we could remove that, this should be "common knowledge" for Kubernetes users...

> The values are in plaintext for simplicity.

Reviewer: Also leave this out, with `stringData` this is made explicit.
